Africoin

Global Infation Hedge Inflation is a huge problem eating away at the savings of many people across the globe. We see it more now in the UK and USA because of the pandemic and cost of living crisis but this has been prevalent in Africa, Asia and Latin America for decades. This means people savings lose constantly those that bother to save as when your money so quickly becomes worthless there is little incentive to save. Now usdc is great because it provides global access to a relatively more stable currency but it’s still fiat and like all fiat it’s subject to inflation and has lost x of its value since its inception There are gold packed stablecoins like paxos g this moves away from fiat and provides a tangible backing however now people are exposed to the volatility and supply and demand of gold. But how about we create a coin which is not overly exposed to any single asset class but which is instead well diversified optimised for return with minimal volatility This is the next step in stablecoin evolution. Knowing no boarders not pegged to any single currency or asset class and tangibly backed by assets such as stocks bonds gold etc. Allowing citizens of any country anywhere to access a currency that can be transacted with ease while protecting their purchasing power. For those with no investment knowledge or lack of opportunity to investment to protect their hard earned money this presents and accesible solution. Additionally no techinical knowledge is required abstracting away all the complexities of cryptocurrency remoing the need to know about wallet address, coins to pay fees for transaction or interacting with crypto exchanges. You can use it much like a banking application that you are used to allow with more convenient features. Such as receiving payments through a QR code or only need a persons phone number or email to send them money. Things everyone is familar with, lowering the barrier to entry to the ground.
